Valid data masking (#1593)
LiberTEM/LiberTEM: docs/source/changelog/features/valid-data-masking.rst

[Feature] Valid data masks
==========================

> * Make the mask of already processed navigation elements available
>   to the UDF in :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.merge` and
>   :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.get_results` (:issue:`1473`),
>   propagate this information to the result buffers
>   and allow UDFs to override this for results using the new
>   :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.with_mask` method
>   (:issue:`1449` :pr:`1593`).

Reviewer: Rephrasing to help with the release notes later:

```suggestion
* Add endpoints to provide :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.merge`
  and :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.get_results` with information
  on which parts of the dataset have already been processed
  (:issue:`1473`). The information is then propagated to the result
  buffers, and UDFs can override the validity mask for results
  using the new :meth:`~libertem.udf.base.UDF.with_mask` method
  (:issue:`1449` :pr:`1593`).
```
